is basically one of these no code website solutions. As a general statement, it's the one that people like the best when they're trying to have AI make a website for them. They are reporting that there are more than 100,000 websites launched from levelable per day. So the other ones that I share were basically done by coding tools. Lovable uses some variation on those coding tools with some enhancements to make the website a little bit. I don't know how to describe it, like sort of work around some of the most obvious places where websites get hung up. So lovable has an automatic integration with databases. Lovable has an automatic integration with contact forums, that kind of stuff. Whereas if you write that from scratch, then you have to build that stuff out yourself. And a lot of people are not loading up cloud code to fireable websites. You can go to the levelable and it's like you're using the levelable to create the only the one that's called WW that I already WDX. That's the only one levelable did. I don't do it. Okay, so I do I need to do anything with levelable. No, no, what you could do is because I'm sharing the project with you. I think you could actually go in and manually change things if you wanted to both. Yeah, that's what I thought you don't want to do to feel included. Do you know, no, I think also this whole fucking why. Chad trying to send me. We share something with me. Okay, one driver. Manus. We try to do the one drive thing. Okay, but then it always has me log in to. So it's sensitive to my vital enterprises. Yep. Yeah, what my one box drive is on. Yep. And then when I open it. It says, know us. Okay, so there's two things there. One, if Chad is still using his old novice account. Then technically that's still a different tenant. So he can't. Profit with. It's a pain in the ass. It's the main reason why we want to get him on the same tenant. If he was, if he's using the new one. Then your vital enterprises and his novice labs are technically the same tenant. And so you should be able to log into his novice share with your VE account. So Chad needs to do something. Yes, I will talk to Chad. Is it really sucks to. Well, it's weird is he shared it with me in it. We're fine. Oh, because you're probably both using the old tenant. We did. Chad said a new laptop for two months. So two and a half. Don't get him. Don't ask him about it. So I don't have to deal with level ball at this point. It's more useful. You wanted to just look at it. Hold on. I might at some point. Yep. And then you said. So then there's six others. And then one other thing I want to knock out right now is the disaster, and then I want to say that I'm going to have to do something. I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. And then I'm going to have to do something. Because when I try to log in and say, like my Gmail and that is, it was like, it was fluid. Yeah, but he did. He fixed something for you. So I get open cloud. And then I give a log in now. Yeah. Alright, give me a second. And then my log gave it my Gmail account. It gave me some. There's some. Okay. That does not need to be solved. No. Are you on free. God on your Gmail. Yes. Okay. Come on. Okay. Then we have what. So you can give a dollar. Yeah. But you'll just. I'll get an invite. Probably the next two minutes. But yes. Okay. So. Do you have a corporate cloud account? Yes. Send me one two thing. I don't know how to just create it on. Yep. Okay. So. Do you have a corporate cloud account? Yes. Send me one two thing. I don't know how to just create it on. Yep. We don't have a corporate Gemini, right? We do not yet have a corporate Gemini. I just do an individual link. Although after the NOAA's conversation, we just had that might not be a bad idea because Gemini can do some stuff with analyzing documents. And the team seems to really think that's going to be a key in terms of reporting on all the projects and stuff. So the Gemini one may be the best solution. I like it actually much better. Gemini. Yes. Does NOAA look at LM? Is it free? Most of it is. Yeah. There's some add-on whistles and bells that you get. Well, because you're a pro. But all right. So let's make a decision maybe just on. So when you set Webgames, you set four. And then you set three. Yeah, total seven. That's right. Oh, so the difference between yesterday and today is yesterday. I took the website with me from freeing to the company and just sent a web page description and I think it was the model of the maker. So I just want to add some libraries. I just have each tool on the website. It's the most consistent suggest. OK, so what I ultimately really want to do is, I like this. I don't like that. Her each website. And so that's why they have all different names. OK. We I don't know if I have an overly strong. Probably not true. Someone very busy. Yeah. Like that's why I like the cloud one the best because it is. So far looking at the cloud one, I've heard the best. And it's not clause dash only. It's just what you like. OK, so out of the so Gemini only, the first one, it's like, I would I don't like the middle one. I don't like the codex only. It seems very Microsoft template. OK, all right. Where I feel like the cloud only and the Gemini only look a cleaner newer. Sleeker. And I would say out of the two, I think the cloud only. I think we could probably be the best. I'm going to be right because all of that. Totally. I'm just I'm looking at just look at it. I'm just like I'm not even looking at the words. Yeah. But this is this is exactly the way that I want the feedback. So so John, you walked in. You might have missed it. I'm recording. So say the name of the page you're looking at and what you like and don't like. And then I'll be able to consolidate that into a single final. So I like the cloud the best. OK, I think to consolidate who we help. It's on the other hand. Maybe more bulltish. So people can just read it pretty quick. All right. And then what we do. Mm hmm. I mean, I read one of them. I think it was four on one of the one page. It's Paul where we're just like we can help you assess. We can help you do something to make your business more efficient. Yeah. Having like three two or three of those. Grab versus marketing that reach. OK, what does that really mean? Well, I think keep going on your web page feedback. Because some of it's more like visual response. And then we should totally look at some of the one pages and say, I like this. I don't like that. I mean, how we roll it out. I think this is great. It actually looks pretty good. And part of what I'm also thinking is. I think I think that you just need to make a little bit more on most. Yeah, go a little bit simpler. Those are long stretches of that's excellent. This is better or not? This is also a key to see. What's going on? Sit there there. What's going on? Which one? Paul's back. Like this one, two, three, four is a little closer to what you were saying, like how it could help your business. Right. Automation and outreach operational efficiency. You saw it in the idea of instructor. I think people just want to see what are the main things I can do. And if we look at the simplest things to help people with, it's the outreach piece. Yeah. And it's operational efficiency. Maybe nicer words in those. OK. Albert sounding words. OK. That's kind of my take. Like I can go somebody say, how are you doing your financial review? Oh, OK. Let me help you with that. Right. Yeah. That's what that, like that one, I've been particular. I was trying to figure out where we would get, where does Snowflake fit in? And so to me, Snowflake is probably in two or three. Yeah. And I think it fits in when the project is bigger. And there's multiple data sources. I think a lot of the people we're talking to now probably have single data sources. Totally. Kind of just focus. Or even quite literally no data sources other than like QuickBooks. Yeah. You know what I mean? Or maybe a CRM. And the automation outreach, I don't know how we can make that. To them, that's very generic. Saying we can help you prospect customers using AI. Oh, it's too broad. Yeah, yeah. So like they don't really know what to ask for. That's part of the issue. We need really better examples. of what people could get from working with us. Right. But I mean, I like the design and flow. I don't think I'm not a huge design guy, but it's just simple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I think that was my vibe on all of them. It was just a little cleaner as far as the words. It reminded a little bit. That's what I was outside of that. I mean, you have pretty close in my opinion. And as far as the packages and stuff, I mean, that makes sense. I don't know what the pricing is, but you got to throw something out there. That was a big part of what I wanted to have in there is something that we could say. This is what we're offering. Right. So for 500 bucks a month, how do you want to start it on anything? No, I'm not. I don't even know if I like, I don't know if this makes sense at this moment in time, but maybe I I liked it. Yeah, I liked it. I know like I mean, maybe we debate or have a conversation in here about like the pricing. Yeah, yeah. But I'm still like, okay, so. We need to boil it down to just having a single webpage. I agree. Yeah. I know I know that we're not disagreeing with it. We're not multiple, but it's like, like once we get down to it, then it's like, now I'm ready to like dive into all the content. Yeah. And go flow. So then I would say focus on what do you what do you see on any of the pages you like or what do you see on any of the pages you don't like? And just it doesn't you don't do all of them just any of them. I'm not even I mean, I'm not even looking at the words. Right. I'm really looking for the five. The both the clawed ones. I like. They're two. Well, there was a claw. There's a lot of dead. That's the second email. Me. Yeah, that's the second one. I thought it was I thought that the I like the first clawed one better. I think if I'm looking at mom and pop shops. The like the kind of the image in the background. Yeah, it's a little works better. Gentler even. Yeah, yeah. Where the AI doc this I guess there's. I don't you can't really see exactly what's back there, but it does seem a little drier. Yeah, that's not much right. Right. It's not about depth this one to where this one does like. You look at the fonts on the other one. I know they're just kind of blind and I don't hate this one. Okay, that's the level one. That's a good one. I think that's clean in. Kind of get back in whatever. This one's probably. The general night all this is probably two. Yeah, so I mean, if you are I would I would pick one of these two. Okay, so either the clone one or the lovable one, but not necessarily the clone only. Okay, that's great. I would pick something from those two. I think from a name. What was the other one like it should be the there was like it there was. So that so that the port I didn't like the word support because supports a little too passive. It's all right. Yeah, I already came up in my initial development. And so I already bought AI ready dot pdx.com. We can use that right now. So we can have that. I think that's fine. I'm fine with that name. Okay. We can rebrand it later. Yeah, I thought it was good when you said like AI ready a vital enterprises company. Right. I like that. I thought that was interesting. Hardly vital and the prizes. I think the only thing and I don't know how he's put this out. Maybe it's an about go about. Right. Okay, so we talk about our engineering background and all that stuff. I don't know if there's a way to bring out a little more. I feel like, well, what's your guys background? Well, I think that this is where decades of tech leadership in no tech business. We've already been doing this. You know, like I think that I think that these two is kind of interesting, right? Because we have the tech background. And we run a shit ton of businesses. Totally right. And so it across a platter of verticals. Do you want to talk? We know tech. Okay, and business. Okay, so talk about business understanding. And even in the right of the top there is the back by 30 years. And just sort of like to open the door. I think that who we help to be a little bit crisper. Maybe not naming companies, but it's a little bit too broad. Like this, that's basically everybody. So making that a little bit streamlined. You know, we could collectively say like retail. And we could cover a lot. Well, actually, we could definitely help future those. Yeah, I think. I would be more. Image. More images. Yeah, okay. Not necessarily. These images. I'm even thinking these images. Make them a little bit more. Like here, here, right? Like in the who we help that should have some icons or something. Yeah. Yeah, coffee and food businesses might be too. Yeah. and you kind of goes down and- Field services. And I kind of feel like almost like the list of these things is not as important as where are the areas that we'd be helping them. You know, like if I read this coffee and food businesses, roasters, cafes, like that added no value. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But what do you want? We better communication, you know, I think- Inventory tracking. Whatever, yeah, whatever those things are that we would actually use AI. But those would be across all the businesses. I mean, if you just had a list of businesses that we could help and then you talk about how we can help you, to me, it's relevant to all of them. The way this is laid out, it looks like it's slightly different. Yeah, I think that that- Yes, I think- My point is listing out under professional practices going down to legal accounting and clean of teams. No, it's like- I don't know. I feel like that doesn't add to that. The things I want to know is, okay, yes, I run a professional practice. What are you going to do for me? What are you going to do for me? Yeah, so focusing on the streamlined intake, reminders, and climate-cument. Just using that as an example, that's the more interesting part that then explaining what professional- So you could have like- A table. Oh, that's a lot of things. That way, like, you know, if you think of- I don't like web page and clap. Like the stuff we're doing right here. Scheduling, imagery tracking, intake- Well, I'm just thinking from the top down, like, first you need a web page, and you need some claddles. And then you need to have outreach. And outreach is email, voice, social. Yes. And right now you have customers come in, and you've got to schedule your employees, and you've got to deal with the supply chain. So I guess that's like, there's almost like, like initial launch, that's not the right word. And then there's marketing and sales, and then there's operations. And then the last would be like management. Right. If I'm thinking of dashboards and- Operations. Well, you have operations, but then you have this dashboard of understanding as like a CEO, your understanding, okay, how is our investment in cold calling, impacting like this, and how does that compare to the number of employees? Like whatever those dashboards would be that cover all the way up. Yeah. So it would almost be like all of those services, and then you would have, I mean, I guess they would all be checkmarked, you know? I mean, But I think you really have, I can leave some checkmarks out of just so that it doesn't look like they're all checkmarked. But also when you describe the services, I think for some of these coming up, it'd be very specific. It's like outbound outreach, accounting processes. I mean, it's just saying business processes. A lot of these companies would need to understand the specifics, wow, we can help them. Yeah. I think they'll get lost and just like generic, we can help you make your business better or your business processes flow better. I think that will just kind of get lost in that and go out and go back. Yeah, I think that that's what I'm saying is the table. I'm saying that the table could be 15, 20. Totally. Right, I just, it's on the ground. It's a find your thing. Right, and like, are there any that don't apply to all of them? I'm maybe on a emergency table. To me, I would say no, like first clients. I think, you know, it's been a big deal. Don't, like don't lay down. No, no, no, I don't want it to be. I can't think of an example that doesn't. If inventory tracking might not be as prevalent in a service-based business, just to pick a random example. Yeah, I mean, I guess supply chain management here might not be, but scheduling would be maybe across all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Scheduling, you know, the intake of a new client process is gonna, like all everybody could benefit from that. The field services is scheduling people to go out and then like professional practices, scheduling people to come in, it's still scheduling. Yeah, yeah. It miscalculates, it makes sense. Mm-hmm. Okay. I think really banging on the outreach stuff, like a really specific term for that. I think that'll catch a lot of people's attention. Well, I think there's, but I think there's several there too. Like social media. Yes, like, yeah, yeah. Say, whatever, do these guys, or do manufacturers and distributors, do they care about TikTok? I don't know. But these guys would. Right, right. Yeah. So, you know, maybe there's like, this where like it's like linked in versus, you know, whatever business, social media versus consumers or social media. I don't know, but I think that like, like this is where I'm saying like, sales and marketing has web page development, collateral development, bot leadership content creation, social media presence, like whatever those things are, all of those. And then you have those type of pro, and they have checkmarks for, and then you have operations, and then you have management, right? This seems like the three. at least. Yeah, I think it's a more interesting table if there's at least some boxes of Don't have a checkbox. I agree. Even if you sort of forced that a little bit, you know. So, okay, so I think that that would be good and I think some image stuff about the things above. I think that some of these are good broad and some of these are too specific. Yeah. I mean, I think that this one could be, you know, more like, um, um, trades. I don't know what the right word is, but, you know, blue color. Yeah. I don't want to. The dumb folks. Yeah. But I think if I think of like these type of things and then you're talking retail, so this is a true B2C businesses. Yeah. And then you have your professional practices. I mean, this one, I don't even know who I mean, do we worry about that one? This one might be one that you could take off. Right. Yeah. And then your your nonprofits, like, I think that that would be I think that's a great one. What about government? And I would get rid of like regional. I just said that. Any local think that's too much of a reach for right now? Like a school district response. Yeah. A lot of them were private. Well, you, but we could totally do an RFP. I would love to do an AI based RFP process. That would be fascinating. I mean, let me think about your, um, or please. I mean, that's a, I mean, this is a palette. Totally. You know, well, there's like a private school. I'm working on getting a meeting with, right? They don't have to do the RFP process. I think it's like they want. Perfect. So that's that's, I don't know if we want a box for it, but to me, that would be that kind of organization. I don't know when you say nonprofit and regional. What, what, what would a school organization be called? Like generically? Yeah. Like maybe just broadly something around education. Yeah. I think I think education. Oh, I mean, use almost community focused organizations. Yeah. That could be what that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's section is which I think that's education. The civic is right, but I think I don't know, I think I just think bringing the word education out would be pretty, pretty good. Totally. I think that would catch a lot of people's eye. I think oh, shit. Yeah. I mean, you just think about going into like I show my sister the 11 labs. Yes. I'm going to 11. I'm sorry. The um, no book, I'll um, yes, to where she could be putting her stuff into a notebook sharing that notebook with kids. Well, I went to an education AI conference last month and there's some really cool software out there already that we could help a school implement that would it's like ready to go and already interesting. And if we get the, you know, well, I'm even that that's okay. That is like a second. I'm I'm even just saying like teachers. Yes. Not like Catholic teachers. They don't have a fucking clue across the board with like like what they could be doing with their lesson plans, what they could be doing with content with. I mean, you just think of the infographics of like I'm teaching at their grade nine. Here's my topics. Can make some really cool interactive things and maybe in create a game. Yeah. That like yeah, they probably don't even know that exist. Right. They could think you think about having value pay a thousand bucks for us to come and do a class. And 20 teachers get better teaching. But I think that's an easy one actually. That's what I'm saying. That's more implementing. Yeah, I was thinking Valley. This is another private school that I'm trying to get into. But it's the same concept as they're probably not even using anything at all. And there's kind of the younger I tech teachers, which are probably one or two of them. There's always someone using more than the others, but the rest of them. No, no, I've seen them. You've seen them. I think that should be another good one to try to get into, which I think would be easy to get into. Yeah. Okay. Just go down a little bit. We'll do a section of anyone is here. So why? Yeah, you P.D.X. Okay. I really like the we've already been doing this. I feel like that's, you know, I should traverse some of the coding stuff I've been doing. And he hopefully has the same reaction as our future clients. Amazing. He was really, really. Now if you get Alex to say amazing, no, that would be something. Yeah. Actually, it gets in my next hardest battle. That's where I'm going to spend some time. I don't, I don't, I don't know if I love it. It's not the great views of the banner part of the page. It's like they're taking a look at some of the other pages and see if they like any of that better. I'm just thinking like, you know, like AIs needed and you're behind. As a as a message. Yeah. Or instead of better go on board or you're fucked. I mean, there I mean, you got to do it in a different way, but yeah, I mean, there almost has to be like that. Some versions. Like what, what, like what is like experience technical leaders for your AI dream? That's so like. Yeah. Yeah, great. But it's like, you know, you you know, you're probably already behind when comes the AI, you know, like 90 days to be in skinny is like. Like three, three dash only pages. I think that they hit that a little bit harder. Like this idea of 2026 the year of AI, that just a little bit more urgent. That's like, yes, these are already better. Right? Where this one is, it's too soft. And then it's like. A bit harder. Yeah. The codex only like that thing I also don't like is like. If it's got to go to the next line, it better be fucking worth it. Yeah. And so it's stuff like that that I start seeing, especially if I was thinking like it's, it doesn't matter what I do. Clearly like locked that in. Yeah. Well, I mean, well, I mean, go to the click on the codex only. Like the codex on the second, second link on the page there. All right, that's the same shit. Okay. No, I think that these one like this is the same. But like this one. Yeah. It. And then I think we really need to like, like I think where you're going is like, but you really push. Make it local. Well, no, just the look like is your business right for the year of eight. Let's not like let's not work with the, you know, global national chains were in your backyard. You know, right thing. I think is the real big push that then get you to scroll down to go like, why us. Yeah, the rest of this page got way too focused. That particular page that we focused on the hardware, which like I want that to be a. In our back pocket, like it's like you change that to whatever that other one was. Yeah. And we held portland area businesses and nonprofits use it safely and practically, whatever it did. I think that there's like another set of words there. There's a little bit of vision for you actually use today. Yeah. Right. Show business impact immediately. Yeah. Whatever, right, whatever those words are. And then you're done. Right. Right. Like this, even this part, I don't care if it's in there. Right. Because you're going to go. Right. Yeah. So we're going to. Who we help what we do. Okay. So it's almost like these two right here. Get combined. Yeah. What we do and who we help are going together. Okay. And you even have stuff in here that we didn't even talk about, right? Right. Right. Okay. Yeah. I think taking a cut at what that looks like to combine is going to be good. This is where you were thinking you like you like this. I did it first, but in the morning, it seems it's it's people aren't going to care about it. We'll state that above like automation and outreach growth layer. I mean, lots of companies are talking to they don't drive that business. Well, right. They just want to keep them in my outreach. Right. You know, right. The internal brain. I mean, sure, it's just it seems like more fluffed and what most people think about it. Yeah. Like sovereign A.I. and A. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Yeah, depending on where your business is at. Like we could help you create content to post on. Yeah. Um, Instagram. We could create a campaign or a tool that is developing content on a weekly basis, sending it to you for approval with a response of yes, it gets pushed out to all of your stuff. Third, advanced, we're doing all of that. Plus we have the entire analytics. Yeah. A word to invest in tracking how it goes back and follow. I like what I'm going to get the shit. We did you had even do that. I'm just thinking like instead of a good, better best, it's like entry level on ramp, mid level, expert level. And it could also you could grow into that. But it's like, I think about Stephanie, Stephanie is my sister in law that runs the plumbing business. Like she doesn't need, she like has contacts, but doesn't have any. Like there's no strategy of outreach. Right. So developing content is important. An automation of that is important, right? And I don't want her to think like, I'm not going to have an on premise, whatever blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah to do that. Like it's just too much. Yeah. Like wait, you'll, you'll build my content. Send my emails, automate the emails and they'll all come to my inbox if someone responds. They, I don't know. Yep. I don't know. Or really, I mean, I think that what we're saying is you need to have low, like these companies need to see, come here and not feel overwhelmed. Yeah. They can't feel like they're not smart enough. And they got to see us using language that like, dude, I'm going to be able to, they, they're going to break. They're going to be my, like, the API stack between AI and so I lost. So I did. Yeah. And they're going to be able to speak my language and they're not going to. We're, I think that this starts like in that way. And then it goes to too much. So it's a little too much. Yeah. I think that, I mean, that's your point too. That's what I'm up. I think to simply say we can help you do Instagram posts, some simplistic like that. They don't care the process. Right. So do you need help automate your Instagram posts? Yes or no? Yes. Okay. We can help you. Right. You know, we need help analyzing our fuel truck expenditures for landscapers. Okay. We can help you with that. Yeah. You know, something like that. And then they don't care how it's done. They just want to know. Can we help you with that? Right. That's all. That's all I'm saying. Just simple. That's not a simple list, but not a list that's a five sentences into explain how to do a Instagram post on it or whatever social media. I mean, right. The way I was thinking about this part is it should have, is it have a cost associated with it anymore? This one right here is listed as a free session. Okay. So what we should have is almost like this is like this is like before this is a AI ready in a session. $500. $500. This is sort of like be serious about a kind of thing. You're right. And it in but no, but I'm saying like right now, like all book it's it's 500. It's it's whatever off 100% off or you could say, you know, doing it for 50 bucks. Yeah, right. Right. So they feel like they're getting a deal because or this just looks like, of course it is. It's always going to be this right. Because I almost think like if if we let's say we're up and going and someone goes like, Hey, I'd, you know, like, can you at least like this is this is a valuable service. It totally is. And by the way, we're going to do the same thing we're doing right here, which is record the whole fucking thing and then having ice, but out the answers. You just have an app ring. It's a gym. Yeah, but it produces a. Yeah, see me out or a file and then I have a whole transcription routine ready to go. Well, it's worth it. Yeah, because you like this or limiting another like I just would say like book now. It's a hundred dollars. Yeah, regular five hundred. Yeah, okay. They still have to do something to engage. The only other thing I think about the pricing pricing is, I mean, I guess are that the custom pricing. Because I think a lot of people would be like, what am I really getting for the, I don't want to debate this two months, because we'll figure that out over time. But yeah, what am I really getting for five hundred dollars a month? Like specifically, what am I getting? How are the work? So these companies that's how they they run their businesses. Yeah, it's an howling type situation, right? So I don't know, we can work big right out later, but we can totally name a number of hours. That that's an easy thing to add. No, I know. I'm just saying if, you know, I guess that's in custom. We're, you know, okay, we can, you know, we bill at X and, right? Yeah. These boxes, this is in the, in the package is section. These boxes should be the same size and this should like, it's the same sort of feedback on the layout and stuff like that. But you haven't actually take this and actually tweak it manually like the actual HTML on the backside. You definitely good. It's, it's job. or whatever you can actually go with. You can get in the show and actually do something. For sure. Yeah, yeah. The way it works is for each of these three tools, the, which one's this made with? This one's glad. But so they each have their own GitHub repo for each of these different pages. And then there's a product called Versel, which every time there's a GitHub check-in, it recompiles and redeploys the page. So you could make one tweak and you just push to, I'll just want to keep you. Okay, so you can go in there and say, move that line over to. That's not how I'm going to do it. No, I'm not good. I wouldn't, I wouldn't. I mean, what I'm actually going to do is transcribe this, give it back to Cloud and say go fix the shit. First you say it's sucked at this. Yeah. Two better, two better. So these are examples. All of this examples, that's right. So I would probably put that those are examples versus seeing that those are your, the other ones we're gonna offer. And then it would be like a fourth take one would be, you know, like a one-off. Like we developed it with you today. Like, like, what is your, you know, project? What is your project? Yeah. My only, like I said, I don't know if this is the model we want to go with, but if I go up like a landscaping company from $500 a month, I don't know how they're going to view that. But I'll definitely, I'm actually meeting with one. Okay. Now I'll have, I'll just throw, they was this, because they, they seem to, in my, a lot of these companies, meaning more the blue car, trade companies, work in hourly, you know, per hour project. Yeah. Five hours at X-ray is this cost. This almost seems to, I don't know. I don't know if they think in those spaces, what's 500 getting me? Right, specifically. Right, hourly wise. Right, you know, so they might not, they might, I don't know, that's just my, that's my thing. Yeah, I mean, I just, I don't know, I don't know that feedback. You know, I mean, if you back away for $1,500, you, you get an implementation of something, you get training sessions. But they're going to ask me how many training sessions? One, quarterly strategy, and what's known AI 60 to 90 minute session. Okay. Once a quarter, so you pay for $1,500, you get one of these, you get one quick win, so you get to deploy something. Wait, just a word on the same page, this is $500. Are you saying we should increase that? I know, it's 1,500 to quarter. Oh, quarter, okay. Because this is quarterly, this is quarterly. Agreed. Right. I was adding those two up. Yeah. And so what's, like, it kind of gets weird because it's like, after I do this, we do it, I don't keep doing it. It's closed. So now I'm paying $500 a month for maybe nothing. So what we could say for that second one, instead of website and web presence review, we could say something more like, sort of like, it's not this language, we're like escalating, marketing consultation, where the first step is, we gotta get your website and your SEO and your AEO. And then from there, we do like, we actually look at your social media. And then from there, we talk about the automatic outreach. But website web presence is like a step in the collection of things we're all certain. Is there a lot of AI tools do that analytics for website and SEO? There is something. Actually, Ryan's demonstrated this quite well, but you can literally just type in URL into chat.gbg and say, I'm back at SEO, and it's going to be robust. I'm almost thinking that there, like, instead of, there's almost like a consulting and there's an execution part. Okay, we'll deliver something to you. Yeah, do you just do an hourly consulting fee? Tell what you're thinking? Well, I'm not thinking about pricing, but I'm thinking of like, going from here to here, it's only like training, where I'm thinking like, we will develop all of your, like, what I'm doing for chat. So we've got a folder and I just, I threw in two over break over, two new posts with infographics, they review it and then they post. Right, right? So we could have, like, that's more here, they could pay us. It's an execution of, we'll run your marketing for your kind of buy. We'll run your marketing for you. Like, we'll sit down, we'll come to an agreement of what that is, we'll implement this in... You can improve whatever. Yeah, we're using AI to drive this. We're not giving you, like, it's not on a Lisa. Right, yeah, yeah. But it's like, yeah, there's like an actual, we'll do, like, we're executing stuff. Maybe we're writing all the content and launching their smartly day AI. Right, right. Right, and when we get a contact, we send a back to them. How much is that amount? Like, right. You know, it's almost like there's an execution. It's not as it's. And then and then I think the third one stays project. So then it's like, we'll do this intro stuff, whatever, you know, train your team is consulting and training to support like you, the tools, or we'll do it for you. Or we'll figure out you tell us what project you really want to see. I take on and we'll do that. I think this is a little bit mixed. Well, and I think that you have the conversations and everybody's going to be slightly different. So I have to make it flexible to work on both right aid for both accurately. For, you know, I mean, persons, I mean, if we boxed everything up, I don't, I mean, let's do the analysis and then, okay, we can help you do every one. What the analysis done. I don't know how you state that in those, however you want to say, I always look at a project base. That's the way I've seen that. But this is your scene here. You're seeing, but yeah, once you get rid of the middle and you do the analysis. Well, and I'm almost saying that this isn't enough. This is like training. Yeah, it's training consulting project. Yeah, that's what we're saying. Hopefully. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah, I think that makes more sense because it's all to get you to the next level of. So training $500 a month, we come out. I mean, the thing is, it's almost like you have to just say $1,500 a quarter. Yeah. And what do you get for $1,500? Just the order of hours of training. Yeah. You know, you spend a number of hours of training that can be split up into one or two sessions. Yeah. Yeah. You can record even. Yeah. Or specific to what you want as far as your theme or something. Yeah, we will work with you to hear how I mean what that training is on. Yeah. Good. And as you know, when you sign up, you get a website and web presence review, blah, blah, blah for essay, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And each quarter that you continue, there's one quick win, deliverable such as those type of things. Those. Yeah. Do I think about quick win is tough because that's a, if they start seeing positives there, they would move to like my only concern there. It's a quick win is a very subjective term as far as manpower decided to do on our side. I think I actually, unless you can think you can easily listing it out. This clearly does help mitigate the risk on that. I agree. They're like, well, I want to put point to be rewritten. I want you to reach out. I'm going to. Yeah. But I'm like, I'm going to spend a little time over the next week, getting better at chat bots. That's the thing I haven't necessarily totally like figured out is how you like give it content and get it to only give. So I think, yeah, it's a good point. It's stated quick win. I mean, you can easily push back on that. Yeah. And maybe you didn't start calling it a quick win. We call it something else like entry entry level AI implementation. Yeah. And give these sort of examples and be really in crisp. Yeah. Can include these or similar efforts. That's you know, you go. Yeah. I just want to want to bog it down to many qualifiers because it kind of looks cheesy. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, actually like quick win. We'll help it quick win. I mean, I mean, you know, after the, you know, you can have the details once you actually do it. It's the fact or something. Yeah. Or some kind of some I'm reasonable email. I mean, I think I just like I would change that. Just say like, you know, we are support. We require it in this time. What? Yeah. Right? Like, yeah, we should overcomend. I mean, if we're $1,500 a month and you get, you know, or quarter, I mean, a quarter and you get 20, 30 of these, it's not going to be that much. Most of us are going to the same question as the other ones. I mean, the thing is that maybe two themes. I'm going to be out of the body. Yeah. You can kind of push it. So I think that you, you, you make it, you know, 90 minutes of training. Yeah. As either a single session or two 45 minute sessions. Yeah. With with because that's going to be the biggest, that's going to be the biggest expense. Yeah, just going there or whatever zoom or whatever and putting the content together. I think it's all to you. I think I mean, I think that's where you can really, you know, I don't think the per month fee. I assume it's going to, how would you want to do a consult? It's almost like you, I mean, there's an initial assessment, which would include like this deep dive. Maybe we do charge 1500 bucks without one assessment. I don't know if that's outrageous at all. Actually, like, here's how I could work in your business kind of. After we've analyzed your business, you told us your problem points. So you were going to come back and tell you what we can do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it would be, so maybe it's like a $2,500 deep dive. Yeah. And then maybe there's a group of project business. And if you want to put, like, I keep coming back to number hours, like, you know, we'll sit down with you for up to three hours. I'm not saying your business. Yeah. Yeah, or it's even something like two hours of, like, getting into our business and then we'll come back and. than two hours of different things that we think could have. Yeah. Something like that. And then that would then be output of that. And they use to do. Yeah, well, they're the files that they want to. But it's there for us for that. The output of this can then be executed by you internally as your team as you're building up new training or capabilities. Or you can work with us on the execution. We can need to consult with you and this Riots per project. Yeah. Or we execute or we keep consulting for 350 an hour. Right. Or whatever you want to do something like that. I think that that flows pretty well. I think that leads from step one to another. Yeah. OK. Something like that. And pretty cool. So then you would have you would actually then have four. Because you got that because your first one's going to be just like. So very quick. You know, like get to know your session. Is that free? AI readiness session. Yeah. AI readiness. AI training. AI consulting or D dive. And then consulting services. Yeah. Consulting slash execution. I don't know. I guess consulting does execute on shit. Yeah. Consulting is fine. Yeah. Or even call that project based. Yeah. Or implementing AI in your business. Whatever you want to say that. So sounds like. Which changes the ability to do like this most popular. Yeah. Because it's kind of like. I mean, I guess you put I guess your deep dive at $2,500. It could be the most popular. Totally. And we can even we can even say, you know, includes from the previous one includes a 90 minute training or something like that. You know what I mean? You get this plus. Yeah, exactly. I like it. And the thing is is like this can change. Yeah. As soon as we're so how so much fucking like again, we don't have to like if this company broke even like again, this is not going to have any expenses except for our time. Right. It's already fucking stuck in. Right. So it's like it's making money. Yeah. Whatever. And like if all of a sudden we're like to this really as a business, this is something we can take off. Then we can fucking change pricing. Right. If we get more than three phone calls, I think we should rent a range. So what's so to timeline because. This is an interesting one. Do we do something here? I mean, this is I would probably, you know, like, things are concerned about privacy and AI implementation. Correct. Like I think privacy should be in here. I'm obsessed with these for you. I don't I wouldn't list the DGX park as like the no because we don't want to say that because they go look at DGX parking the buy it. It's like, you know, or you know, it's like a hardware platform and deployment to have all AI on your, you know, ask us about this today. And then you could have a fucking white paper or all the fucking concerns on security. That's exactly right. But I think that this is is isn't the right spot on this page too, by the time, you know, it's the last column. Well, here, guys, yeah, here. These ones are going to be concerned about that. I totally agree. What's what's up about that? I mean, you got to bring out privacy somewhere like why work with AI ready? I mean, maybe one of these, well, no, that doesn't make sense there. But we help there's a link at the top for private AI. Yeah, I don't know if there's a way to kind of casually bring it into this front page. We can certainly move it up and like that. Yeah. I think what's going to happen is you're going to have this like why work with us and then these two are going to be one thing like who and what? And then this is going away. And then your this is going to go away. And this pricing. And then you have like, you know, hey, in all this, you prefer to do this all off the grid. We can do this off the grid. That's all this all over. Yes. Yeah. I just think during the first initial consultation, that will come up pretty quick if they care about privacy. Yeah. You know, so I'm just saying I don't know like it seems like it's a long way down, but it's really going to be when you do it, it's going to be right here. Yeah. Like in the page, I think it flows. Okay. Yeah. That's good. And we can look. Yeah. I think we'll learn what the frequently asked questions are. One of the implementations had this as a thing where you hit the plus sign and expands. I think if you never click the plus sign, who gives a fun when it says, yeah. And that I do more comfortable than like just. Yes. I think so today. I think so too. In the and then I would probably like add something that's always here. No, that's good call for to jump down to this. Yeah. Scheduled times today or whatever it jumps right down there. Do I actually have to get one? No, just right now it just sends me email. I think it'd be interesting to see if we could create a logo. Okay, trying a couple of other things. It was really interesting. I gave each of the different tools, a Gemini, a BI key and had them generate all their own images. So every single page has different images generated by the. Like if you click on one of the other ones. What do you mean? Oh, like go to a different tab that was created by a levelable. They just made those pictures of all those. Oh, I see. Yeah. And if you go to a different one. Like they just. What is background. Yeah, this background. It was interesting. And they all created in a little bit differently. I like making the different models. What if it brings all their farms down? Yeah, absolutely. Just. Go. Or sitting on. Okay. Let's take a look at the papers. And just. That's not worth it. I think everything we just said will adjust the words. And just tell me any of them that like look better than others. These. These look terrible. Yeah, there's three. I can those three. I mean, it's interesting. Like just the look of them. Right. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm looking for. We're just trying to figure out. I thought they all kind of busy. Honestly, Paul. That's cleanest cleaner. What's going on? This is too busy. And I'm not. I think the fonts too small on this one. I like this is clean. Okay. I mean, I think that's what I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I'm looking for. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean Let's just see how like what my balance rate and all that stuff is. Well, I was going to spin up a new instance of that help. So, if smart AI smartly is that what you're concerned about? Is that what you're concerned about? You're sending to an email. You just want to see how well it is. Smartly day, I could send a billion emails a minute. It has to do with how many inboxes you're using. I understand that. So, you using our account, but like do it. But your filters were better on smart AI. You're still not deciding if that's true versus the filter is on. What was what I was able to do is I was able to. I was able to get 10,000 users as swipe, which would have taken me two weeks in sales navigate. You're probably not at the point to where you're pulling out 10,000. But do you think the quality, we don't know if the quality is better? That's why I don't know. That's my point of view. You're right. Because my list of like 150 people, which then you're using. You can use. The way you make something I got a paper per spay of. And I stopped saying for it. Do Scott a bunch of credits on it? I was using it. I was okay. I'll turn it through. Because what I've noticed if you get it out of its valid out of Chris Bay, oh, they're really good contacts. I'm not giving balances. It'll be interesting. If like, I'll just go back to landscaping. If their linkedins are as current and accurate as like the text base, they would use it more frequently. That's right. Yeah, we might have to find a different way to get fucking yellow pages. No. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Whatever. What's a. Where they do reviews. What is it? It's a class store. No, no, no, no, no. I'm just thinking even like. Oh, help. Yeah. Yeah. We're using that. Angie's list. And yeah, that should be interesting. You got to pay. I'm sure this. I'm sure this. Yes. The. I we want. What email addresses at the AI. Well, a couple of things. Really. One is. Do we probably need a company. Formed. Yeah. We're probably need a bank account. Okay. Probably need to do all that because if we're going to sell this for 50 bucks, we're what do you send it to? Right. We need a memo. Totally. So we're with Mark on that. Okay. So what do we want to do our first campaign? That's what I want to target. I want to do it no later next week. Yeah. I mean, I. I think I can print around this feedback in less than 48 hours. I think that the. The discount on the first bucket. Should be something like, you know. The sales going from now until the end of q1. Available to the first 100. Yeah. Okay. Right. Or even take out the quarter, you know, available to the first 100 that sign up. So I'll do so there's not a time constraint. Right. Or something. Yeah. I'm a sort of building the lists. You start building the list. And I'll do it by obviously some. I don't know how break it down yet. But there's probably some obvious thing. And then maybe also build like what is the email we send. Yeah. And I'll have that based on this. Ready to go. Probably spit out. Yeah. So I'll send you a hundred. That's all I get. We all get a word doc of the email. And the final PowerPoint. And then are the one pager. Yeah. Then are we going to use smart leads to send up all of our stuff. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it. And then we're going to do it.